# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Useful Resources
- [ScriptRunConfig Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azureml-core/azureml.core.scriptrunconfig?view=azure-ml-py)
- [Configure and submit training runs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-set-up-training-targets)
- [HyperDriveConfig Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azureml-train-core/azureml.train.hyperdrive.hyperdriveconfig?view=azure-ml-py)
- [How to tune hyperparamters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-tune-hyperparameters)


## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**

This dataset contains information about the customers, for which we need to generate a model provide a loan eligibility of yes/no based on the data.
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**
Generated two models using hyper drive and AutoML
Hyper drive Model:
Used Scikit-learn Pipeline to test the best combination of parameters for a SKLearn logistic regression model. the best hyper drive model we got had accuracy of 0.90492368

AutoML:Used different regression models, evaluated by R2-score. The best AutoML model was VotingEnsemble with an R2-score of 0.4343.
## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**
The Scikit-Learn Pipeline imported a TabularDataset of clean data and used logistic regression for the binary outcome variable. Used HyperDrive to automate the testing of two parameters: --C and --max_iter. --C is the inverse of regularization strenght, and max_iter is maximum number of iterations to converge. A choice of three different values were tested for each parameter.

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**
A Random parameter sampler was used as it provides choice options for the sampling methond.

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**
 BanditPolicy keeps the program from running too long and taking too many resources.

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**
The AutoML tested 27 different regression algorithms. The best option for optimizing R2-score was VotingEnsemble.

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
